DOC-1551 Tighten home page; add new release link (#8)
tigergraph/doc-site: home/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

|===
a|
=== ML Workbench

> A package of in-database ML functions and Jupyter notebook templates to accelerate the development of graph-enhanced machine learning, available as a TigerGraph Cloud service or an installable package to integrate with existing machine learning infrastructure.

Author: ```suggestion
A package of in-database ML functions and Jupyter notebook templates to accelerate graph-enhanced machine learning projects, available as a TigerGraph Cloud service or an installable package to integrate with existing machine learning infrastructure.
```
